the idea of ​​the sculpture workshop was born after an open day in
this company specializes in the sale of woodworking machinery
to the increase in the number of handsets sold the training need is
become necessary and it's happening here in the rest room we do not get
realize that people were interested in wood
gold by the work of the employment pole both amateurs and professionals
the people who want to start their own business actually that the goal
sought is above all to meet the expectations of customers'
allowed to be able to satisfy a little everybody does not know his age that the
people can learn ssr sellable the amount of training 130 euros for
12 hours of lessons
for these four times less than in specialized organizations but the
commercial approach is not put forward in the search ranking especially the
notoriety
at the baguette every Friday the sculptor george kleinmann I try
to help and show it what is the process
two creations and how to prepare and engage
and realize it a lot of people whether they are young or afp for
retired people often the people want to realize a dream that I was stroking
all their life I take people where they are in their role to know
and I try to take them a little further on the way to the
stone success and carpenter unemployed never his team had it
leads to the wood carving
he comes from companies to learn the right moves to expand his palette
with a view to one day self-employment
can be useful well for the moment
to be able then there is 16 9% to make several years that seeks to
do sculpture classes and europe
in fact I really missed the report to the different sites
the cart correctly in the good sense the profile is different to roger the
course at the workshop is his Christmas present this retiree addresses the training
rather as a hobby I hope to meet him
plus the first two and especially take
pleasure to
work the wood and thus meet others
students especially for professionals
she argues that you have accomplished professional woodwork or not so
the affluence is at the rendezvous the company already plans to invest
a larger room to eventually accommodate a house of
the sculpture